Add topo drag artifact (#96)
CliMA/ClimaArtifacts: README.md

- [ERA5 Monthly Averages on Single Levels 1979-2024](https:////github.com/CliMA/ClimaArtifacts/tree/main/era5_monthly_averages_single_level_1979_2024)
- [Lehmann et al. 2008 Fig. 8 evaporation data](https:////github.com/CliMA/ClimaArtifacts/tree/main/lehmann2008_evaporation)
- [Forty years of ERA5 forcing data for ClimaLand](https:////github.com/CliMA/ClimaArtifacts/tree/main/forty_yrs_era5_land_forcing_data)

> - [Topo Drag, created with `fregrid`](https:////github.com/CliMA/ClimaArtifacts/tree/main/topo_drag)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Topo Drag, created with the GDFL model](https:////github.com/CliMA/ClimaArtifacts/tree/main/topo_drag)
```
